Update `next export` documentation. (#31465)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md

  </ul>
</details>

> `next export` allows you to export your Next.js application to static HTML, which can be run standalone without the need of a Node.js server. We only recommend using `next export` if you don't need any of the [unsupported features](#unsupported-features) requiring a server.

Reviewer: Second person

```suggestion
`next export` allows you to export your Next.js application to static HTML, which can be run standalone without the need of a Node.js server. It is recommend to only use `next export` if you don't need any of the [unsupported features](#unsupported-features) requiring a server.
```

If you're looking to build a hybrid site where only _some_ pages are prerendered to static HTML, Next.js already does that automatically. Learn more about [Automatic Static Optimization](/docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md) and [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#incremental-static-regeneration).

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Could we use a more descriptive wording here?

> ## Usage

Author: ```suggestion
## `next export`
```

Update your build script in `package.json` to use `next export`:

```json
"scripts": {
  "build": "next build && next export"
}
```

Running `npm run build` will generate an `out` directory.

> With `next export`, we build an HTML version of your app. At export time, we call [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation) for each page that exports it, and pass the result to the page's component. `next export` will generate an HTML file for each page in your `pages` directory (or more for [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md), where it will call [`getStaticPaths`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticpaths-static-generation) and generate pages based on the result).

Reviewer: Second person

```suggestion
Using `next export`, builds an HTML version of your app. At export time [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation) is called for each page that exports it, and the result passed to the page's component. `next export` will generate an HTML file for each page in your `pages` directory (or more for [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md), where it will call [`getStaticPaths`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticpaths-static-generation) and generate pages based on the result).
```

Reviewer 2: > With `next export`, we build an HTML version of your app. At export time, we call [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation) for each page that exports it

Just to clarify this, when using `getStaticProps` this has already happened during `next build` and `next export` is just copying the already exported files. When `getInitialProps` is used it will do the generating of HTML during this step.

> With `next export`, we build an HTML version of your app. At export time, we call [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation) for each page that exports it, and pass the result to the page's component. `next export` will generate an HTML file for each page in your `pages` directory (or more for [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md), where it will call [`getStaticPaths`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticpaths-static-generation) and generate pages based on the result).

Author: ```suggestion
`next export` builds an HTML version of your app. During `next build`, [`getStaticProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation) and [`getStaticPaths`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticpaths-static-generation) will generate an HTML file for each page in your `pages` directory (or more for [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md). Then, `next export` will copy the already exported files into the correct directory. `getInitialProps` will generate the HTML files during `next export` instead of `next build`.
```

For more advanced scenarios, you can define a parameter called [`exportPathMap`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/exportPathMap.md) in your [`next.config.js`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/introduction.md) file to configure exactly which pages will be generated.

## Supported Features

The majority of core Next.js features needed to build a static site are supported, including:

> - [Dynamic Routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md)

Reviewer 2: When the page is generated using automatic static generation it requires additional configuration to route `/blog/:slug` to `out/blog/[slug].html`.

I think it should probably be `Dynamic Routes when using getStaticPaths`. which works in all cases.

> - [Dynamic Routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Dynamic Routes when using `getStaticPaths`](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md)
```

- [`getStaticPaths`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticpaths-static-generation)
- [Image Optimization](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md) using a [custom loader](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md#loader)

## Unsupported Features

Features that require a Node.js server, or dynamic logic that cannot be computed during the build process, are not supported:

- [Image Optimization](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md) (default loader)
- [Internationalized Routing](/docs/advanced-features/i18n-routing.md)
- [API Routes](/docs/api-routes/introduction.md)
- [Rewrites](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/rewrites.md)
- [Redirects](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/redirects.md)
- [Headers](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/headers.md)
- [Middleware](/docs/middleware.md)
- [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#incremental-static-regeneration)
- [`fallback: true`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#fallback-true)
- [`getServerSideProps`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering)

### `getInitialProps`

> It's possible to use [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md) API instead of `getStaticProps`, but it comes with a few caveats:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's possible to use the [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md) API instead of `getStaticProps`, but it comes with a few caveats:
```

> It's possible to use [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md) API instead of `getStaticProps`, but it comes with a few caveats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to use the [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md) API instead of `getStaticProps`, but it comes with a few caveats:
```

  - `getInitialProps` cannot be used alongside `getStaticProps` or `getStaticPaths` on any given page. If you have dynamic routes, instead of using `getStaticPaths` you'll need to configure the [`exportPathMap`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/exportPathMap.md) parameter in your [`next.config.js`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/introduction.md) file to let the exporter know which HTML files it should output.
  - When `getInitialProps` is called during export, the `req` and `res` fields of its [`context`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md#context-object) parameter will be empty objects, since during export there is no server running.
  - `getInitialProps` **will be called on every client-side navigation**, if you'd like to only fetch data at build-time, switch to `getStaticProps`.
  - `getInitialProps` should fetch from an API and cannot use Node.js-specific libraries or the file system like `getStaticProps` can.

> We recommended to migrate towards `getStaticProps` over `getInitialProps` whenever possible.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend migrating towards `getStaticProps` over `getInitialProps` whenever possible.
```

> We recommended to migrate towards `getStaticProps` over `getInitialProps` whenever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to migrate towards `getStaticProps` over `getInitialProps` whenever possible.
```

  </ul>
</details>

> `next export` allows you to export your Next.js application to static HTML, which can be run standalone without the need of a Node.js server. It is recommend to only use `next export` if you don't need any of the [unsupported features](#unsupported-features) requiring a server.

Author: ```suggestion
`next export` allows you to export your Next.js application to static HTML, which can be run standalone without the need of a Node.js server. It is recommended to only use `next export` if you don't need any of the [unsupported features](#unsupported-features) requiring a server.
```
